Like a tree planted in the ground,
Your words have sunk deep down
Into my heart and soothed my mind
with gentle thoughts of peace.
’Cause no matter what may come,
With this wisdom from above,
I always have these truths
to keep reminding me to
Go on; don’t be afraid.
Hold on to what Jehovah says.
Through all the storms, your words have
Given me strength to endure.
And every day I am more
confident in you.
When this world tries to pull me down,
To give up on what I’ve found,
I turn to you and know that you
are always there.
It takes time to meditate—
Get the words from off the page
And in my heart so they can help
and guide me to
Go on; don’t be afraid.
Hold on to what Jehovah says.
Look beyond any adversity.
Focus on the things that I can’t see.
Through all the storms, your words have
Given me strength to endure.
And every day I am more
confident in you—
In you.
Go on; don’t be afraid.
Hold on to what Jehovah says.
Look beyond any adversity.
Focus on the things that I can’t see.
Through all the storms, your words have
Given me strength to endure.
And every day I am more
confident in you.